telli then I hope you're fine
today we talk about momo cereals
that I tried recently is the good
that of chicago so the huge pink tube
which looks like this system to ceyrat
double end so their end pattern
it's a brush that in turn asks
is the tenth in the end it's a brush
and in fiber they create and I listened to it
a month I would like and I do not like it
not because firstly I find that
it's a tube that y standard is really
very very big is that life
unpleasant because when we want
apply it near the sites whose hand
left
it's very difficult just the corner
internally because I'm asking this is a
Pénénois' impetus to practices
secondly I find that everyone and
we purse separately make a
work that would have not masked but
for me it's the final messi hockey
together I find that it weighs down here
I find that when they have superimposed
gentlemen are not very beautiful they did not
not a good price effect it's not like
so freddy fossils are rather to one
said is wrong
a little hard soft what I do not like
really and the third negative point
mascara I find that it is removed very
very very hard the back time
that I tried it was really hell
I used my normal makeup remover
do not remove the patient mascara
waterproof
but if it really bothers me is this
that this formula is not water repellent
can be proven but the second
in you counted acid so left
viewer the option want my makeup remover
can no longer remove then in the
shower washed my face is
usually when I wash my face that
takes away a good deal of the nationals
but not with that and finally on Thursday
last with
coconut oil really have it all
remove and again the age and the past with
another makeup remover to remove everything
if not the second time I will try to
one of the costs I had done
heat up before and the sarm and market
then if I had the help of hot water
from my shower trying to get up this
mascara there but I think he went away
so bad that I do not want my
life to put it
but here the second one makes you a
good work
if I know that at night I thought
a lot of time to remove it rubs
msil well damaged the skin that is
around missiles maybe lettieri
what I do not like so since in
same interests that are expensive and he
cost plus the two gold then
frankly I do not think that is worth the
trouble
if these are you washing series then
that it really works minister is going to me
tell where it doesnt Pantoute
but tell me that for the pleasure of hearing
your opinion on the master's good cheer
at core gore it was all that
I had to tell you the sows I hope
that my review my opinion was you
helpful and on that eleven years in a
next video
if all will pay them